Joe got carried away when adding a note about InvokeConnections limitations for [CUST-2328] (#148)
skyflowapi/skyflow-node: README.md

Reviewer: "SkyflowIDs" is incorrect. We should use "Skyflow ID" generally or "`skyflow_id`" when referring to the specific field.

Author: I don't know where this is pointing, maybe a change I already made?

Reviewer: You've already created scripts that unit tests all the examples to validate that they're accurate. If you're feeling adventurous, you can use Bluehawk to extract the code snippets you want to include in the doc, and use Doc Detective to run the unit tests on a schedule and report errors. That way we know that everything works as written and single-source the known-good code.

Author: You said a lot of words that sound really cool but I do not know how to do that 😄 
If you want to show me I'm down. But I'd love to publish this before then if it's good to go otherwise? Thank you thank you for the great feedback.

## Table of Contents

- [Skyflow Node.js SDK](#skyflow-nodejs-sdk)
  - [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
  - [Installation](#installation)
      - [Requirements](#requirements)
      - [Import / Require](#import--require)
  - [Vault APIs](#vault-apis)
    - [Insert: vault.insert()](#insert-vaultinsert)
      - [Example: Insert Records](#example-insert-records)
      - [Example: Upsert Records (update or insert)](#example-upsert-records-update-or-insert)
      - [Example: Insert with partial success support](#example-insert-with-partial-success-support)
    - [Detokenize: vault.detokenize()](#detokenize-vaultdetokenize)
      - [Detokenize example](#detokenize-example)
    - [Get By IDs: vault.getById()](#get-by-ids-vaultgetbyid)
      - [Example: Get Records by IDs](#example-get-records-by-ids)
    - [Get records by unique values: vault.get()](#get-records-by-unique-values-vaultget)
      - [Example: Get records by ID(s)](#example-get-records-by-ids-1)
      - [Example: Get records by unique field values](#example-get-records-by-unique-field-values)
    - [Update records by IDs](#update-records-by-ids)
      - [Example: Update records by IDs](#example-update-records-by-ids)

>       - [Delete](#delete)

Author: TODO: I probably need to elevate this heading one level and update it to match the rest.

      - [Skyflow Signed Data Tokens Generation](#skyflow-signed-data-tokens-generation)
    - [Logging](#logging)
  - [Reporting a Vulnerability](#reporting-a-vulnerability)
  
## Installation

#### Requirements

- Node 12.22.12 and above

```sh
npm install skyflow-node
```

#### Import / Require

**Require**

```javascript
const { Skyflow } = require('skyflow-node');
```

**ES modules**

```javascript
import { Skyflow }  from 'skyflow-node';
```

**All imports**

```javascript
import { Skyflow,                         // Vault client
          generateBearerToken, isExpired, // JWT auth helpers
          LogLevel, setLogLevel           // logging options
} from 'skyflow-node'
```

## Vault APIs
The [Vault](https://github.com/skyflowapi/skyflow-node/tree/master/src/vault-api) Node.js module is used to perform operations on the vault such as inserting records, detokenizing tokens, retrieving tokens for list of `skyflow_id`'s and to invoke the Connection.

To use this module, the Skyflow client must first be initialized as follows: 

```javascript
import { Skyflow } from 'skyflow-node';

> // Initialize the Skyflow client

Author: TODO: Might want to change `client` to SDK here?

const vault = Skyflow.init({
  // Id of the vault that the client should connect to.

>   vaultID: 'string',

Author: TODO: add example which retrieves from `process.env`

Author: NVM I did that below :)

  // URL of the vault that the client should connect to.
  vaultURL: 'string',
  // Helper function generates a Skyflow bearer token.

>   getBearerToken: helperFunc,

Author: TODO: rename `helperFunc` to something like `authFunction` ?

Reviewer: +1

```javascript
const response = vault.insert({
  // records to be inserted
  records: [{
    fields: {
      expiry_date: '12/2026',
      card_number: '411111111111111',
    },
    table: 'cards',
  }],
}, {
  // optional options
  tokens: true,
  // To conditionally insert OR update based on a field
  upsert: [
    {
      table: 'cards',         // Name of the table in the vault.
      column: 'card_number',  // Name of the column in the vault. Must be defined as `unique`.
    }
  ]
});

response.then(
    (res) => {
        console.log(JSON.stringify(res));
    },
    (err) => {
        console.log(JSON.stringify(err));
    }
).catch((err) => {
    console.log(JSON.stringify(err));
});
```

Samples Response:
```json
{
  "records": [
    {
      "table": "cards",
      "fields": {
        "skyflow_id": "16419435-aa63-4823-aae7-19c6a2d6a19f",
        "card_number": "f3907186-e7e2-466f-91e5-48e12c2bcbc1",
        "cvv": "1989cb56-63da-4482-a2df-1f74cd0dd1a5",
      },
    }
  ]
}
```

#### Example: Insert with partial success support

<details>
<summary>
Insert with partial success support

> </summary>

Reviewer: Why is this in an expandable but not the other examples? We should be consistent with example display/expandable usage.

let record = {
    ids: skyflowIds,
    table: 'cards',
    redaction: RedactionType.PLAIN_TEXT
};

let invalidIds = ['invalid Skyflow ID'];
let badRecord = {
    ids: invalidIds,
    table: 'cards',
    'redaction': RedactionType.PLAIN_TEXT
};

let records = {
    records: [record, badRecord]
};

const result = client.getById(records);
result.then(
    (res) => {
        console.log(JSON.stringify(res));
    }).catch((err) => {
    console.log(JSON.stringify(err));
});
```

Sample response:

```json
{
  "records": [
    {
      "fields": {
        "card_number": "4111111111111111",
        "expiry_date": "11/35",
        "fullname": "myname",
        "skyflow_id": "f8d2-b557-4c6b-a12c-c5ebfd9"
      },
      "table": "cards"
    },
    {
      "fields": {
        "card_number": "4111111111111111",
        "expiry_date": "10/23",
        "fullname": "sam",
        "skyflow_id": "da53-95d5-4bdb-99db-8d8c5ff9"
      },
      "table": "cards"
    }
  ],
  "errors": [
    {
      "error": {
        "code": "404",
        "description": "No Records Found"
      },
      "skyflow_ids": [
        "invalid Skyflow ID"
      ]
    }
  ]
}
```

### Get records by unique values: vault.get()

> To retrieve data from your vault using SkyflowIDs or unique column values, use the get(records) method. The `records` parameter takes a JSONObject that should contain either an array of SkyflowIDs or a unique column name and values to fetch the records, as shown below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To retrieve data from your vault using SkyflowIDs or unique column values, use the `get(records)` method. The `records` parameter takes a JSONObject that should contain either an array of SkyflowIDs or a unique column name and values to fetch the records, as shown below:
```

Call schema:

```js
const deleteInput = {
  records: [
    {
      id: "<SKYFLOW_ID_1>", // skyflow id of the record to delete
      table: "<TABLE_NAME>" // Table from which the record is to be deleted
    },
    {
      // ...additional records here
    },
  ]
};

const options = {
  // Optional
}
```

[Example](https://github.com/skyflowapi/skyflow-node/blob/master/samples/vault-api/Delete.ts) to delete by ID using `skyflow_ids`

```js
const deleteInput = {
  records: [
    {
      id: "29ebda8d-5272-4063-af58-15cc674e332b",
      table: "cards",
    },
    {
      id: "d5f4b926-7b1a-41df-8fac-7950d2cbd923",
      table: "cards",
    }
  ],
};

const options = {};

const response = skyflowClient.delete(deleteInput, options);
console.log(response);
```

Response:

```json
{
  "records": [
    {
     "skyflow_id": "29ebda8d-5272-4063-af58-15cc674e332b",
     "deleted": true,
    },
    {
     "skyflow_id": "29ebda8d-5272-4063-af58-15cc674e332b",
     "deleted": true,
    }
  ]
}
```

### Invoke Connection

> Using the InvokeConnection method, you can integrate their server-side application with third party APIs and services without directly handling sensitive data. Prior to invoking the InvokeConnection method, you must have created a connection and have a connectionURL already generated. Once you have the connectionURL, you can invoke a connection by using the `invokeConnection(config)` method. The config object must include a connectionURL and methodName. The other fields are optional.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using Connection, you can integrate your server-side application with third party APIs and services without directly handling sensitive data. Prior to using a connection, you have to create a connection and have a connectionURL already generated. Once you have the connectionURL, you can invoke a connection by using the `invokeConnection(config)` method. The config object must include a connectionURL and methodName. The other fields are optional.
```

Reviewer: Link out to the connection docs.

* DELETE:  `Skyflow.RequestMethod.DELETE`

**pathParams, queryParams, requestHeader, requestBody** are the JSON objects that will be sent through the gateway integration URL.

#### Example: Invoke Connection

An [example](https://github.com/skyflowapi/skyflow-node/blob/master/samples/vault-api/InvokeConnection.ts) of `invokeConnection`:

```javascript
const result = client.invokeConnection({
  connectionURL: '<YOUR_CONNECTION_URL>',
  methodName: Skyflow.RequestMethod.POST,
  requestHeader: {
    'Content-Type': 'application/json',
    Authorization: '<YOUR_CONNECTION_BASIC_AUTH>',
  },
  pathParams: {
    card_number: '<YOUR_CARD_NUMBER>',
  },
  requestBody: {
    expirationDate: {
      mm: '01',
      yy: '46',
    },
  },
});

result
  .then(response => {
    console.log(JSON.stringify(response));
  })
  .catch(error => {
    // Note: only text/plain and application/json errors are supported
    console.log(JSON.stringify(error));
  });
```

Sample response:
```json
{
  "receivedTimestamp": "2021-11-05 13:43:12.534",
  "processingTimeinMs": "12",
  "resource": {
    "cvv2": "558",
  },
}
```

## Authentication and Authorization

### Service Account Bearer Token Generation

> The [service account](https://github.com/skyflowapi/skyflow-node/tree/master/src/service-account) module uses a credentials file to generate service account tokens. See [API Authentication](https://docs.skyflow.com/api-authentication/#create-a-service-account) for instructions on creating a service account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [service account](https://github.com/skyflowapi/skyflow-node/tree/master/src/service-account) module uses a credentials file to generate service account tokens. See [Authentication](https://docs.skyflow.com/api-authentication/#create-a-service-account) for instructions on creating a service account.
```

const options = {
  // Optional
}
```
The data tokens are passed as part of the `options` in the `generateSignedDataTokens(filepath, options)` function, which takes the service account credentials file path and an options object for token generation. Alternatively, you can send the entire service account credentials as string, by using the `generateSignedDataTokensFromCreds(credentials, options)` function.

[Example](https://github.com/skyflowapi/skyflow-node/blob/master/samples/vault-api/Delete.ts) to delete by ID using `skyflow_ids`
<details>
<summary>
Example using a service account credentials file path
</summary>

[Example using a service account credentials file path:](https://github.com/skyflowapi/skyflow-node/blob/master/samples/service-account/SignedTokenGenerationExample.ts)

```js
const deleteInput = {
  records: [
    {
      id: "29ebda8d-5272-4063-af58-15cc674e332b",
      table: "cards",
    },
    {
      id: "d5f4b926-7b1a-41df-8fac-7950d2cbd923",
      table: "cards",
    }
  ],
};
import { generateSignedDataTokens,isExpired } from 'skyflow-node';

const options = {};
let filepath = 'CREDENTIALS_FILE_PATH';
let bearerToken = '';

> const response = skyflowClient.delete(deleteInput, options);

Author: This example was inconsistent with the rest, which were using `client` not `skyflowClient`. I changed them all to be `vault`.

    "cvv2": "558",
  },
function getSkyflowBearerToken() {
    return new Promise(async (resolve, reject) => {
        try {
            const options = {
                ctx: 'CONTEXT_ID',
                dataTokens: ['DATA_TOKEN1', 'DATA_TOKEN2'],
                timeToLive: 90 // In seconds.
            };
            if(!isExpired(bearerToken)) resolve (bearerToken);
            else {
                let response = await generateSignedDataTokensFromCreds(
                    JSON.stringify(credentials),
                    options
                );
                resolve(response);
            }
        } catch (e) {
            reject(e);
        }
    });
}

const tokens = async () => {
    const tokenResponseFromCreds = await getSignedTokenFromCreds();
    tokenResponseFromCreds.forEach((response)=>{
        console.log(`Data Token: ${response.token}`);
        console.log(`Signed Data Token: ${response.signedToken}`);
    });
};

tokens();
```

</details>

### Logging
The Skyflow Node.js SDK provides useful logging. By default the logging level of the SDK is set to `LogLevel.ERROR`. This can be changed by using `setLogLevel(logLevel)` as shown below:

```javascript

> import { setLogLevel } from 'skyflow-node';

Author: The example that follows didn't work without importing `LogLevel`.

   `LogLevel.OFF` can be used to turn off all logging from the Skyflow SDK.

**Note:**

> * The ranking of logging levels are as follows:  `DEBUG` < `INFO` < `WARN` < `ERROR`

Author: I left this order as-is, but it seems like it should go the other direction to me. @ram7muthu what do you think? DEBUG gives the most logs, ERROR gives the least.

* The default the logLevel for Skyflow SDK is `LogLevel.ERROR`.

> ## Reporting a Vulnerability

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Reporting a vulnerability
```
